:sparkles: Add MVP point (#29)
zenika-open-source/open-source-promotion-cheat-sheet: README.md

<br />

<details>

> <summary>👌 Be sure your project is ready</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>👌 Make sure your project is mature enough</summary>
```

<p>

> > Your project must be stable and mature enough to have features that will keep your user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Your project must be stable enough with minimum viables features in order to hook users.
```
